[New product] Shopware (#3864)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/shopware.md

---
title: Shopware
category: server-app
tags: php-runtime
iconSlug: shopware
permalink: /shopware
versionCommand: php bin/console --version
# releasePolicyLink: https://shopware.com/
changelogTemplate: "https://github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/__LATEST__/CHANGELOG.md"
releaseDateColumn: true
activeSupportColumn: Bug Fix Maintenance
eolColumn: Security Maintenance
extendedSupportColumn: Extended Support

auto:

> -   git: https://github.com/shopware/platform.git

Reviewer: They renamed the repo to https://github.com/shopware/shopware.git some time ago; maybe good to use the new location? (see also https://www.shopware.com/en/news/shopware-github-repository-will-move/)

Same goes for any other place where https://github.com/shopware/platform is referenced.

---
title: Shopware
category: server-app
tags: php-runtime
iconSlug: shopware
permalink: /shopware

> # alternate_urls: /

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

versionCommand: php bin/console --version
# releasePolicyLink: https://shopware.com/

> changelogTemplate: "https://github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/{{'__LATEST__'}}/CHANGELOG.md"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
changelogTemplate: "https://github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/__LATEST__/CHANGELOG.md"
```

releaseDateColumn: true

> activeSupportColumn: Bug fix maintenance
> eolColumn: Security maintenance

Reviewer 2: title case.
```suggestion
activeSupportColumn: Bug Fix Maintenance
eolColumn: Security Maintenance
```

> # extendedSupportColumn: Shopware end of software support

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to document it in advance, and add a column for the same.

```suggestion
extendedSupportColumn: Extended Support
```

Not sure about the wording, since safefive seems to use all of LTS/Commercial/Extended. But we need to be consistent and clear that this isn't official support from Shopware itself.

auto:
-   git: https://github.com/shopware/platform.git

> # EOL dates on https://

Reviewer 2: No link?

# PHP requirements on https://docs.shopware.com/en/shopware-6-en/first-steps/system-requirements
releases:

-   releaseCycle: "6.5"
    releaseDate: 2023-05-03
    support: true
    eol: false
    extendedSupport: true
    latest: "6.5.6.0"
    latestReleaseDate: 2023-10-04

>     link: https://github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/v6.5.6.0/CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer 2: should work from our changelogTemplate.
```suggestion
```

        
-   releaseCycle: "6.4"
    releaseDate: 2021-05-04
    support: false
    eol: false
    extendedSupport: true
    latest: "6.4.20.2"
    latestReleaseDate: 2023-04-17

>     link: https://github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/v6.4.20.2/CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

-   releaseCycle: "6.3"
    releaseDate: 2020-08-03
    support: false
    eol: false
    extendedSupport: true
    supportedPhpVersions: 7.2
    latest: "6.3.5.4"
    latestReleaseDate: 2021-04-19

>     link: https://github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/v6.3.5.4/CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

-   releaseCycle: "6.2"
    releaseDate: 2020-05-19
    support: false
    eol: false
    extendedSupport: true
    supportedPhpVersions: 7.2
    latest: "6.2.3"
    latestReleaseDate: 2020-07-13

>     link: https://github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/v6.2.3/CHANGELOG-6.2.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

-   releaseCycle: "6.1"
    releaseDate: 2020-01-27
    support: false
    eol: false
    extendedSupport: true
    supportedPhpVersions: 7.2
    latest: "6.1.6"
    latestReleaseDate: 2020-05-04

>     link: https://github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/v6.1.6/CHANGELOG-6.1.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    
-   releaseCycle: "5.7"
    releaseDate: 2021-06-14
    support: false

>     eol: true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Based on safefive: https://safefive.de/en/faq-2/
    eol: 2024-08-01
```

>     extendedSupport: true

Reviewer 2: https://safefive.de/en/faq-2/ says:

> You can count on our service for 5 years starting August 2024. We will regularly inform you about planned extensions of our offer.

```suggestion
    extendedSupport: 2029-08-01
```

Few questions:

1. It's unclear whether safefive will offer extended support for all 5.x versions or just the 5.7 series.
2. The safefive website mentions that Shopware 5 EOL is Aug **2024**, so should we have `eol: 2024-08-01` instead?

-   releaseCycle: "5.4"
    releaseDate: 2018-02-28
    support: false
    eol: true
    extendedSupport: false
    latest: "5.4.6"
    latestReleaseDate: 2018-07-23
    link: false

-   releaseCycle: "5.3"
    releaseDate: 2017-07-31
    support: false
    eol: true
    extendedSupport: false
    latest: "5.3.7"
    latestReleaseDate: 2018-01-22
    link: false

-   releaseCycle: "5.2"
    releaseDate: 2016-07-04
    support: false
    eol: true
    extendedSupport: false
    latest: "5.2.27"
    latestReleaseDate: 2017-07-17
    link: false

-   releaseCycle: "5.1"
    releaseDate: 2015-10-21
    support: false
    eol: true
    extendedSupport: false
    latest: "5.1.6"
    latestReleaseDate: 2016-05-23
    link: false

-   releaseCycle: "5.0"
    releaseDate: 2015-04-27
    support: false
    eol: true
    extendedSupport: false
    latest: "5.0.4"
    latestReleaseDate: 2015-09-16
    link: false

---

> [Shopware](https://shopware.com) is an [MIT licensed](https://github.com/shopware/platform/blob/trunk/LICENSE)
> e-commerce platform written in PHP. The project is made by the same-named vendor, Shopware AG.

Shopware follows [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/).

> ## Feature and bug fix releases
> 
> In Shopware 6, bug and security fixes might appear in every patch release, whereas features, bug, and security fixes might appear in minor releases as well as in major releases. Additionally, in major releases, there will appear backward compatibility breaks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Versioning

- **Major Releases** can include backward compatibility breakage.
- **Minor Releases** include feature, bug, and security fixes.
- **Patch Releases** are limited to bug and security fixes.
```

## Security

Shopware is an Open Source software vendor and takes security issues very seriously. Here, you will find information on how to report security-related issues to us and how we process such issues.

If you discover a security issue in one of our products or services, please get in touch with us immediately. Our policy is to limit public knowledge about a security issue until we provide a fix for it.

We kindly ask you to inform us first and keep the vulnerability confidential for the public, as this will compromise existing businesses.

* Information on how to report security issues in Shopware: [shopware.com/security.txt](https://www.shopware.com/security.txt) 

> * If you are unable to update to the latest Shopware version, you are able to protect your shop from vulnerabilities using the [Shopware Security Plugin](https://store.shopware.com/en/swag575294366635f/shopware-security-plugin.html).  To protect yourself from possible security vulnerabilities, download and activate the plugin in the administration panel of your shop. It is important to always keep this plugin updated to the latest version. 

Reviewer 2: Don't think disclosure policies are relevant here, so dropped that part.

```suggestion
## Security
The [Shopware Security Plugin](https://store.shopware.com/en/swag575294366635f/shopware-security-plugin.html) provides security fixes to old Shopware versions.
```

Is the range of versions covered by the plugin documented anywhere? The page says "Self-hosted compatibility:
5.0.0 – 5.0.4", does that mean a 5.0.0 installation would have all known security issues fixed via this plugin?

Or is it for supported minor versions? (6.1-6.1.5, 6.2-6.2.3,...)

## Extended support for Shopware 5

> * All repositories of Shopware 5 are available on GitHub: [github.com/shopware5/](https://github.com/shopware5/); the vendor _shopware AG_ is transferring the project to the community and is ending all support effective August 2024.
> * If you have to use Shopware 5 in a project after the official support has ended,  [safefive](https://safefive.de/en/home/) is offering security and compatibility updates as a commercial service.

Reviewer 2: 5 no longer being supported is already documented in the table, we don't need to repeat it here.

```suggestion
- [Safefive](https://safefive.de/en/home/) offers a Commercial Long Term Support (LTS) service for Shopware 5.
```

> ## Release notes
> 
> * [github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/trunk/CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/trunk/CHANGELOG.md)
> 
> ## System requirements
> 
> * [docs.shopware.com/en/shopware-6-en/first-steps/system-requirements](https://docs.shopware.com/en/shopware-6-en/first-steps/system-requirements)

Reviewer 2: Readers of this page already know what Shopware is, so these aren't needed. Plus, we have better links to release notes in the table already.
```suggestion
```
